“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”―Abhishek Shukla,KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"
“During a conversation, listening is as powerful as loving.”―Amit Kalantri,Wealth of Words
“If thinking should precede acting, then acting must succeed thinking.”―Amit Kalantri,Wealth of Words
“A man's weakest spots are almost always closest to his passions.”―Oscar Auliq
“Wow! So beautiful. Which star? Planet, not star; It WAS called Earth.”―Vikrmn,You By You
“Conquer your past to shape your future”―Rosy M.
“Ignore the naysayers, chase your dreams”―Rosy M.
“Great stories are not the ones which have greatpeople in them.Great stories are the ones which have ordinarypeople, willing to do great things.”―Priyanka   singh,Death before Cremation
“Today's victory is over yesterday's self”―Rosy M.
“Be better than you were, not someone else”―Rosy M.
“Yesterday's you is your greatest competition”―Rosy M.
“Opinions of others shouldn't hold you back”―Rosieinreallife
“Dare to be different, dare to be great”―Rosy M.
“Impossibilities vanish with faith”―Rosy M.
“Doubt limits, belief liberates”―Rosy M.
“Believe and you can achieve anything”―Rosy M.
“Life is like a cup; what drips out of it depends on what you have filled it with.”―Syed Rehman Hayder
“This is the worst of the bunch. Definitely the smokiest. I don't think they want us to leave," said Montoya."The ants can keep the house," replied Nelson, "I just want the boat.”―Jason bengtson,Sapience
“Passion fuels greatness, love sets it ablaze”―Rosy M.
“Work is love made visible”―Rosy M.
“Greatness blooms from a heart full of love”―Rosy M.
“Every day is a chance to be a better version of yourself”―Rosy M.
“Greatness comes from within, not external validation”―Rosy M.
“You are the only one who can define your greatness”―Rosy M.
“Belief is the catalyst for the impossible”―Rosy M.
“Push beyond boundaries to discover what you're capable of”―Rosy M.
“When you walk, walk together.”―Giovannie de Sadeleer
“Always cherish fertile soil.”―Giovannie de Sadeleer
“Knowledge belongs to time, wisdom emerges from the timeless.”―Debashis Chatterjee,One Minute Wisdom: Transformative Coaching for Life, Learning and Leadership
“The real opposite of happiness is selfishness”―Debashis Chatterjee,One Minute Wisdom: Transformative Coaching for Life, Learning and Leadership
