Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Don’t quit. You’re already in pain. You’re already hurt. Get a reward from it!
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.
The way to get started is to quit talking and start doing.
Always deliver more than expected.
Let’s go invent tomorrow instead of worrying about what happened yesterday.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
If you don’t ask, the answer is always no.
As you think, so shall you become.
Small daily improvements over time create stunning results.
The greatest sin is to think yourself weak.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
Being realistic is the most common path to mediocrity.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Don't fear failure. Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Well done is better than well said.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it’s worth watching.
Seek first to understand, then to be understood.
You either control your mind or it controls you.
Don’t take rest after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck.
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Fall in love with the process, and the results will come.
Discipline equals freedom.
My father taught me to always do more than you get paid for as an investment in your future.
I didn’t come here to be average.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.
Real leadership is being the person others will gladly and confidently follow.
Water can flow, or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Gratitude turns what we have into enough.
It’s not easy, but it’s simple.
