He who is brave is free.Seneca
You can totally do this.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough. Helen Keller
The fastest road to meaning and success: choose one thing and go all in. Maxime Lagacé
Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong. Winston Churchill
Try again. Fail again. Fail better. Samuel Beckett
Impossible is for the unwilling. John Keats
I can and I will.
No pressure, no diamonds. Thomas Carlyle
Inspiration is perishable – act on it immediately.Naval Ravikant
Prove them wrong.
Good things happen to those who hustle. Anaïs Nin
Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking. Augustine of Hippo
No guts, no story. Chris Brady
Take the risk or lose the chance.
Screw it, let’s do it. Richard Branson
Boldness be my friend. William Shakespeare
Keep going. Be all in. Bryan Hutchinson
Inspiration lights the fire. Discipline keeps it burning.
If you want it, work for it.
Leave no stone unturned. Euripides
Stay foolish to stay sane. Maxime Lagacé
And so the adventure begins.
You can if you think you can. George Reeves
Whatever you are, be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
Broken crayons still color.
Grow through what you go through.
Do it with passion or not at all.
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. Christopher Reeve
If it matters to you, you’ll find a way. Charlie Gilkey
Monkeys get jealous. Men get inspired. Sahil Lavingia
The past does not equal the future. Tony Robbins
Forget about style; worry about results. Bobby Orr
Success is the child of audacity. Benjamin Disraeli
Whatever you do, do with all your might.Marcus Tullius Cicero
If you’re going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
When nothing goes right, go left.
Every noble work is at first impossible. Thomas Carlyle
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.Plato
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. André Gide
Let him that would move the world first move himself.Socrates
Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable. Paramahansa Yogananda
My life is my message.Mahatma Gandhi
If you need inspiration, don’t do it.Elon Musk
The true success is the person who invented himself. Al Goldstein
Fall seven times, stand up eight. Japanese proverb
Inspiration is for amateurs. The rest of us just show up and get to work. Chuck Close
I love you.
You matter.
Choose joy.
Choose happy.
Take it easy.
Be in the now.
Live the moment.
Keep going.
Keep your chin up.
Relax. Seriously. Ryan Holiday
Paradise is a mindset. Maxime Lagacé
Keep moving forward.
Fear less. Love more.
Work hard. Stay humble.
Enjoy the little things.
The best is yet to come.
Collect moments – not things.
Feel the fear and do it anyway.
It’s not a loss, it’s a lesson.
Be a voice. Not an echo.
Every wall is a door.Ralph Waldo Emerson
If youth knew; if age could.Sigmund Freud
Time is the soul of this world. Pythagoras
Life begins where fear ends.Osho
Stars can’t shine without darkness.
Be who you needed when you were young.
Find what you love and let it kill you. Charles Bukowski
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. Will Rogers
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship. William Blake
Peace of mind is freedom from desire. Shane Parrish
Know yourself and you will know what to do.Maxime Lagacé
The less you want, the richer you are. Yanni
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.Rumi
Freedom is taking what comes. Maxime Lagacé
You have to be odd to be number one. Dr. Seuss
Wherever you are, be there totally. Eckhart Tolle
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.Ram Dass
Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Helen Hanson
A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent.Martin Luther King Jr
Failure is success if we learn from it. Malcolm Forbes
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice. Henry Ford
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.Henry David Thoreau
What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count.Albert Einstein
The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. James Crook
Fools chase. The wise relax. Maxime Lagacé
